Some tips to get started in case you forgot:

1. Startup the boot2docker Quickstart terminal (you should seem some stuff kinda processing before it lets you type)

-----Make sure you keep track of IP address it spits out (should something like 192.38.123.1243)____

2. Move into the directory that contains the Weiss Tech House website code (using "cd" to change directory and "ls" to see what the contents of your current directory are)

3. Run the following command to make sure you have the latest updated files "git pull upstream master"

4. Run the following command to boot up the Docker environment/container "./2-run.sh"

	—- Sometimes there is an error that will say the port is already in use. If this is the case, run the command “docker ps” and you will see a docker process number, like 383272. Then run the command “docker kill <process number>”. This should fix the problem

5. Your terminal should not say "root@12345678: " or something like that

6. Type "cd /data" to move in to the folder containing all the website code

7. Type and run "foreman start" to start the local webserver - this essentially runs all the backend code just like the CETS server would

8. Go to your browser and go the follwing address "IP_ADDRESS_DOCKER_SAID:5000". Hopefully you should see the website load up!

9. Now you can go to "home/templates/index.html" page and edit the contents of the site! Once you make a change to the file, just go back to the browser and refresh the page to see the changes you made

Some things just to note:
--Changing things on your local version will not affect the actually live website. For now Alec and I have to do that manually.....(but we are working on fixing it!)
--Dont mess with much else other than the index.html file. Otherwise all hell might break loose and it will be hard to debug remotely.

Once you are done making changes and like the way that it looks:
1. Stop the webserver (press CTRL+C)
2. Exit the container (just type "exit" and hit enter -- might take a second)
-- You should see the terminal return to the normal look--
3. Push Your changes!! Here's how if you forgot:
	a. git add home/templates/index.html
	b. git commit -m "Some message relevant to the changes you made"
	c. git push origin master
4. Once thats done, go to your personal github page (ex: http://github.com/shulmanbrent) and go the Weiss Tech House code repository
5. Click on the green circular looking arroys and submite a Pull Request

Aaaaaand that should do it. Let me know if you need any help or run into probelms